Clarify STREAM Connection Details Functionality (#573)
interledger/rfcs: 0029-stream/0029-stream.md

  - [4. Life of a Connection](#4-life-of-a-connection)
    - [4.1. Setup](#41-setup)
    - [4.2. Matching Packets to Connections](#42-matching-packets-to-connections)

>     - [4.3 Optional Connection Details](#43-optional-connection-details)
>       - [4.3.1. Client Address Communication (Receivers Only)](#431-client-address-communication-receivers-only)
>       - [4.3.2. Connection Migration (Receivers Only)](#432-connection-migration-receivers-only)
>       - [4.3.3. Connection Asset Details](#433-connection-asset-details)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [4.3 Connection Details](#43-optional-connection-details)
      - [4.3.1. Client Address Communication](#431-client-address-communication-receivers-only)
      - [4.3.2. Connection Migration](#432-connection-migration-receivers-only)
      - [4.3.3. Connection Asset Details](#433-connection-asset-details)
```

STREAM packets are completely encrypted so endpoints must try to decrypt and parse them to determine whether a given packet was sent by the other endpoint of a connection. Incoming Prepare packets whose data cannot be decrypted with the expected shared secret MUST be rejected with `F06: Unexpected Payment` errors.

### 4.3. Connection Details
 
#### 4.3.1. Client Address Communication

When a client connects to a server, the client MAY communicate its ILP Address to the server using a  `ConnectionNewAddress` frame. This allows the client to function as a receiver on the Connection. Without this frame, a server would not have a destination address to send packets to a client.

> If the server is capable of sending ILP Prepare packets and the client is capable of receiving ILP Prepare packets, the `ConnectionNewAddress` frame enables bi-directional payment flows. However, the frame is OPTIONAL because clients may not be capable of receiving ILP Prepare packets. For example, a client using a request-response protocol like HTTP to send ILP packets doesn't have a persistent connection for receiving ILP prepares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the server is capable of sending ILP Prepare packets and the client is capable of receiving ILP Prepare packets, the `ConnectionNewAddress` frame enables bi-directional money and data flows. However, the frame is OPTIONAL because clients may not be capable of receiving ILP Prepare packets. For example, a client using a request-response protocol like HTTP to send ILP packets doesn't have a persistent connection for receiving ILP Prepare packets.
```

If an endpoint supports receiving, then the endpoint MAY change its ILP Address at any point during a connection by sending a `ConnectionNewAddress` frame. To ensure the new address is received and acknowledged, implementations MAY choose to send these frames only in ILP Prepare packets, although certain connections may not support this (e.g., a receiver emitting this frame to a non-receiving sender will only be able to propagate this frame in an ILP Fulfill or ILP Reject respone packet).

Senders encountering this frame SHOULD wait for a separate, valid request/response (encrypted with the same shared secret) from the new address to validate the new path. STREAM relies upon this authenticated request/response packet flow in lieu of [QUIC's explicit Path Validation](https://quicwg.github.io/base-drafts/draft-ietf-quic-transport.html#rfc.section.6.7), so implementations SHOULD refrain from sending large numbers of packets or large amounts of data to a new ILP address before validating the path. For example, this might help avoid being tricked into participating in a Denial of Service (DoS) attack on a third-party endpoint.

#### 4.3.3. Connection Asset Details

> Either endpoint MAY expose its asset details by sending a `ConnectionAssetDetails` frame in a stream packet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either endpoint MAY expose its asset details by sending a `ConnectionAssetDetails` frame in a STREAM packet.
```

STREAM packets are completely encrypted so endpoints must try to decrypt and parse them to determine whether a given packet was sent by the other endpoint of a connection. Incoming Prepare packets whose data cannot be decrypted with the expected shared secret MUST be rejected with `F06: Unexpected Payment` errors.

### 4.3. Optional Connection Details
 

> #### 4.3.1. Client Address Communication (Receivers Only)

Author: Fixed.

When a client connects to a server, the client MAY communicate its ILP Address to the server using a  `ConnectionNewAddress` frame. This allows the client to function as a receiver on the Connection. Without this frame, a server would not have a destination address to send packets to a client.

> In the most advanced scenarios where clients and servers are both capable of simultaneously sending and receiving, the `ConnectionNewAddress` frame enables bi-directional payment flows. However, the frame is OPTIONAL because clients are commonly not capable of receiving. For example, a client may not be accessible from a routable ILP Address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the most advanced scenarios where clients and servers are both capable of simultaneously sending and receiving, the `ConnectionNewAddress` frame enables bi-directional payment flows. However, the frame is OPTIONAL because clients are commonly not capable of receiving. For example, a client using a request-response protocol like HTTP to send ILP packets doesn't have a persistent connection for receiving ILP prepares.
```

Author: Accepted via https://github.com/interledger/rfcs/pull/573/commits/f3559431b55efdf57d8b3bf4acd81f22a47c925c

#### 4.3.2. Connection Migration (Receivers Only)

If an endpoint supports receiving, then the endpoint MAY change its ILP Address at any point during a connection by sending a `ConnectionNewAddress` frame. To ensure the new address is received and acknowledged, implementations MAY choose to send these frames only in ILP Prepare packets, although certain connections may not support this (e.g., a receiver emitting this frame to a non-receiving sender will only be able to propagate this frame in a fulfill or reject packet).

> Senders encountering this frame SHOULD wait for a separate, valid request/response (encrypted with the same shared secret) from the new address to validate the new path. STREAM relies upon this authenticated request/response packet flow in lieu of [QUIC's explicit Path Validation](https://quicwg.github.io/base-drafts/draft-ietf-quic-transport.html#rfc.section.6.7), so implementations SHOULD refrain from sending large numbers of packets or large amounts of data to a new ILP address before validating the path. For example, this might help avoid being tricked into participating in a Denial of Service (DoS) attack on a third-party endpoint.

Reviewer 2: is there some kind of packet that is recommended to probe a new connection address?

Author: I'm not sure which frame would be best. Though it's occurring to me that it may not matter -- even sending 0 frames would probably be fine. As long as you get a validly encrypted StreamPacket back from the other side, I think this satisfies the validation check. In other words, the sender just needs to validate that the new receiver address can decrypt the packets. If it can, it's reasonable for the client to assume the receiver wants those packets.

Not totally sure that's valid thinking though - did you have a different understanding here?

#### 4.3.3. Connection Asset Details
Either endpoint MAY expose its asset details by sending a `ConnectionAssetDetails` frame in a stream packet.

> Asset details, whether exposed by this frame or obtained by a higher-layer protocol, MUST not change during the lifetime of a Connection. Therefore, if a receiver receives a `ConnectionAssetDetails` frame that contradicts existing asset details, then the receiver SHOULD close the connection because it would be ambiguous which asset details are authoritative.

Author: I don't think so - the current spec already [expressly prohibits](https://github.com/interledger/rfcs/blob/master/0029-stream/0029-stream.md#431-connection-asset-details) the connection details from changing, so this isn't changing that. However, with the new push to have STREAM endpoints get their `ConnectionAssetDetails` from a higher-layer protocol, that will increase the chances of divergent asset data (two sources instead of one). So this new verbiage just provides guidance around what should happen if one layer says something different from STREAM.

We could strike this guidance, but I think it's helpful as a `SHOULD` (but would be open to removing it too if you feel strongly).

> Asset details, whether exposed by this frame or obtained by a higher-layer protocol, MUST not change during the lifetime of a Connection. Therefore, if a receiver receives a `ConnectionAssetDetails` frame that contradicts existing asset details, then the receiver SHOULD close the connection because it would be ambiguous which asset details are authoritative.

Author: @kincaidoneil any thoughts here? If not feel free to resolve this.

> This frame is OPTIONAL because the frame is generally only useful for senders who wish to verify the amount received on a path. For example, a client or server that only functions as a sender, but not a receiver, does not need to emit this frame if the endpoint on the other side of the connection does not need the information. Refer to Section 3.4 (Exchange Rates) for more information.

Author: Hmmm...I could be persuaded here. One thing about this RFC is that it leaves so much "to the reader" that it took me a very long time to realize why `ConnectionAssetDetails` are optional.

Put another way, in some cases the RFC doesn't do a good job of explaining why things are optional, which makes it difficult to know when something should or shouldn't be done -- especially as an implementor.

But maybe there's an argument there that a good RFC is just minimal language, and its purpose isn't to make it clear one way or another? If that's the intent of our RFCs, then I would be more apt to remove this type of added context paragraph.

> This frame is OPTIONAL because the frame is generally only useful for senders who wish to verify the amount received on a path. For example, a client or server that only functions as a sender, but not a receiver, does not need to emit this frame if the endpoint on the other side of the connection does not need the information. Refer to Section 3.4 (Exchange Rates) for more information.

Reviewer: > Hmmm...I could be persuaded here. One thing about this RFC is that it leaves so much "to the reader" that it took me a very long time to realize why ConnectionAssetDetails are optional.

> especially as an implementor.

Agree that this RFC leaves _a lot_ to the implementer; it's much more of a specification than an implementer's guide. But I think there's so much nuance missing throughout this, maybe we'd need a separate document or notes for something like that?

I think a good analog is, could you easily implement a connector after reading the ILPv4 RFC? (Or, should you be able to?) Definitely not, but that's okay: the specification is still useful and relevant even if it's not clear how to apply it in a particular case.

What about something like this?

> Senders need the recipient to share their asset details in order to [enforce minimum exchange rates](link_to_3.4).

I'm not sure we should use more restrictive language than that since it's really never bad to send `ConnectionAssetDetails` -- even if you're only a sender (I worry more about implementations _not_ sending it when they should).

> This frame is OPTIONAL because the frame is generally only useful for senders who wish to verify the amount received on a path. For example, a client or server that only functions as a sender, but not a receiver, does not need to emit this frame if the endpoint on the other side of the connection does not need the information. Refer to Section 3.4 (Exchange Rates) for more information.

Author: Fixed via b488765bc2742ad40cebd34b56e2b0e254e76254

> This document purposefully avoids mandating how a sender can prompt a receiver from sending a `ConnectionAssetDetails`. However, most receiver implementations emit this frame in response to receiving a `ConnectionNewAddress` frame.

Author: Agree.
